Do what I say
I know you’re not convinced
How about
We make a bet
Bet on what?
A month ago
Dì Háo Group
Issued a bidding package for cooperation
Worth ten billion
Seven days
We bet on
Who secures
Cooperation with Dì Háo Group first
The loser
Leaves Dōng Hǎi
And kowtows three times in front of the winner
With the Qín family’s influence in Dōng Hǎi
Crushing Fù Shì
Is like crushing
An ant
Why bother
Making a bet with him?
If the game ends too quickly
It’s no fun
I want to slowly crush him
Make him wish he were dead
If you need
I’ll lend a hand
Tell me anytime
Oh, no need
Brother, don’t you trust me?
Right, right, right
Our Ruò Yǔ
Is the best little princess
In the world
Brother
Having you here
Is wonderful